Command
    az sf application update : Update a Azure Service Fabric application. This allows updating the
    application parameters and/or upgrade the application type version which will trigger an      
    application upgrade.
        Command group 'sf' is in preview. It may be changed/removed in a future release.
Arguments
    --application-name --name                [Required] : Specify the application name.
    --cluster-name -c                        [Required] : Specify the name of the cluster, if not 
                                                          given it will be same as resource group 
                                                          name.
    --resource-group -g                      [Required] : Specify the resource group name. You can
                                                          configure the default group using `az   
                                                          configure --defaults group=<name>`.     
    --application-parameters --parameters               : Specify the application parameters as   
                                                          key/value pairs. These parameters must  
                                                          exist in the application manifest. for  
                                                          example: --application-parameters       
                                                          param1=value1 param2=value2.
    --application-type-version --version                : Specify the application type version.
    --force-restart                                     : Indicates that the service host restarts
                                                          even if the upgrade is a configuration-
                                                          only change.  Allowed values: false, true.
    --max-nodes --maximum-nodes                         : Specify the maximum number of nodes on
                                                          which to place an application. The value
                                                          of this parameter must be a non-negative
                                                          integer. The default value is 0, which
                                                          indicates the application can be placed on
                                                          any number of nodes in the cluster.
    --min-nodes --minimum-nodes                         : Specify the minimum number of nodes where
                                                          Service Fabric will reserve capacity for
                                                          this application, this does not mean that
                                                          the application is guaranteed to have
                                                          replicas on all those nodes. The value of
                                                          this parameter must be a non-negative
                                                          integer. Default value for this is zero,
                                                          which means no capacity is reserved for
                                                          the application.
    --service-type-health-policy-map                    : Specify the map of the health policy to
                                                          use for different service types as a hash
                                                          table in the following format:
                                                          {"ServiceTypeName" : "MaxPercentUnhealthyP
                                                          artitionsPerService,MaxPercentUnhealthyRep
                                                          licasPerPartition,MaxPercentUnhealthyServi
                                                          ces"}. For example: @{ "ServiceTypeName01"
                                                          = "5,10,5"; "ServiceTypeName02" = "5,5,5"
                                                          }.

Upgrade description Arguments
    --consider-warning-as-error --warning-as-error      : Indicates whether to treat a warning
                                                          health event as an error event during
                                                          health evaluation.  Allowed values: false,
                                                          true.
    --failure-action                                    : Specify the action to take if the
                                                          monitored upgrade fails. The acceptable
                                                          values for this parameter are Rollback or
                                                          Manual.  Allowed values: Manual, Rollback.
    --hc-retry-timeout --health-check-retry-timeout     : Specify the duration, in seconds, after
                                                          which Service Fabric retries the health
                                                          check if the previous health check fails.
    --hc-stable-duration --health-check-stable-duration : Specify the duration, in seconds, that
                                                          Service Fabric waits in order to verify
                                                          that the application is stable before
                                                          moving to the next upgrade domain or
                                                          completing the upgrade. This wait duration
                                                          prevents undetected changes of health
                                                          right after the health check is performed.
    --hc-wait-duration --health-check-wait-duration     : Specify the duration, in seconds, that
                                                          Service Fabric waits before it performs
                                                          the initial health check after it finishes
                                                          the upgrade on the upgrade domain.
    --max-porcent-unhealthy-apps                        : Specify the mximum percentage of the
                                                          application instances deployed on the
                                                          nodes in the cluster that have a health
                                                          state of error before the application
                                                          health state for the cluster is error.
                                                          Allowed values are form 0 to 100.
    --max-porcent-unhealthy-partitions                  : Specify the maximum percent of unhelthy
                                                          partitions per service allowed by the
                                                          health policy for the default service type
                                                          to use for the monitored upgrade. Allowed
                                                          values are form 0 to 100.
    --max-porcent-unhealthy-replicas                    : Specify the maximum percent of unhelthy
                                                          replicas per service allowed by the health
                                                          policy for the default service type to use
                                                          for the monitored upgrade. Allowed values
                                                          are form 0 to 100.
    --max-porcent-unhealthy-services                    : Specify the maximum percent of unhelthy
                                                          services allowed by the health policy for
                                                          the default service type to use for the
                                                          monitored upgrade. Allowed values are form
                                                          0 to 100.
    --ud_timeout --upgrade-domain-timeout               : Specify the maximum time, in seconds, that
                                                          Service Fabric takes to upgrade a single
                                                          upgrade domain. After this period, the
                                                          upgrade fails.
    --upgrade-replica-set-check-timeout                 : Specify the maximum time, in seconds, that
                                                          Service Fabric waits for a service to
                                                          reconfigure into a safe state, if not
                                                          already in a safe state, before Service
                                                          Fabric proceeds with the upgrade.
    --upgrade-timeout                                   : Specify the maximum time, in seconds, that
                                                          Service Fabric takes for the entire
                                                          upgrade. After this period, the upgrade
                                                          fails.

Global Arguments
    --debug                                             : Increase logging verbosity to show all
                                                          debug logs.
    --help -h                                           : Show this help message and exit.
    --output -o                                         : Output format.  Allowed values: json,
                                                          jsonc, none, table, tsv, yaml, yamlc.
                                                          Default: json.
    --query                                             : JMESPath query string. See
                                                          http://jmespath.org/ for more information
                                                          and examples.
    --subscription                                      : Name or ID of subscription. You can
                                                          configure the default subscription using
                                                          `az account set -s NAME_OR_ID`.
    --verbose                                           : Increase logging verbosity. Use --debug
                                                          for full debug logs.

Examples
    Update application parameters and upgreade policy values and app type version to v2.
        az sf application update -g testRG -c testCluster --application-name testApp --application-
        type-version v2 \
          --application-parameters key0=value0 --health-check-stable-duration 0 --health-check-wait-
        duration 0 --health-check-retry-timeout 0 \
            --upgrade-domain-timeout 5000 --upgrade-timeout 7000 --failure-action Rollback
        --upgrade-replica-set-check-timeout 300 --force-restart


    Update application minimum and maximum nodes.
        az sf application update -g testRG -c testCluster --application-name testApp --minimum-nodes
        1 --maximum-nodes 3


For more specific examples, use: az find "az sf application update"

Please let us know how we are doing: https://aka.ms/clihats